as a nuclear train Electrician's. Uh, one of the things that I got I was
really frustrated with was the fact that you don't get stationed
overseas. Um, you used to be ableto be sent toe Japan. But when I joined,
that was off limits at the time, and we were on Lee stationed
domestically, so I went to school. Well, the cool thing is that I got
to see all four corners of America. So my school was in South Carolina.
Um, then I did my prototype. The school lasted about a year and
a half. Then I did prototype for six months up in, um, upstate Albany,
New York, Um, lots of trees and stayed in a nice house. Um, pretty
close Thio downtown New York. Then I went to the lower left toe
to San Diego and I'm from California. So I really enjoyed those times
those three years that I was there half the time we were on deployment,
So that's a killer. But my family was in Los Angeles, so I actually,
like live with my family in L. A. And every single day I drove
the hour and a half toe to my work work was from a, I think, six toe
12. And then at 12 o'clock just to be traffic that I drive up to
Los Angeles. And time was times of great good weather. Uh, at the end
of those three years, then I moved upto Washington, Um, the Washington
State. And in Bremerton it wasn't for me. It's it's kind of gloomy
a lot. But, you know, you find some things, uh, that are worth Well,
lots of movies about my house, about a couple houses up there.
Um, yeah. You hang out with friends at the local bars and clubs, But
after the three years, um, that I was there, I decided to come back
home to California. So I'm really glad that I got to see most of America
based on the Navy and lots of port calls. Um, so overseas travel
as well